	BTS, an acronym of Bangtan Sonyeondan or “Beyond the Scene,” is a Grammy-nominated South Korean group that has been capturing the hearts of millions of fans globally since its debut in June 2013.
The members of BTS are RM, Jin, SUGA, j-hope, Jimin, V, and Jung Kook.
 Gaining recognition for their authentic and self-produced music, top-notch performances, and the way they interact with their fans, BTS has established themselves as “21st century Pop Icons” breaking countless world records.
 While imparting a positive influence through activities such as the LOVE MYSELF campaign and the UN ‘Speak Yourself’ speech, the band has mobilized millions of fans across the world (named ARMY), collected four No.
 1 songs in a span of 9 months, performed multiple sold-out stadium shows across the world, and been named TIME’s Entertainer of the Year 2020. 
BTS has been nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for the 63rd Grammy Awards and recognized with numerous prestigious awards like the Billboard Music Awards, American Music Awards and MTV Video Music Awards.
BTS (Korean: 방탄소년단; RR: Bangtan Sonyeondan; lit. Bulletproof Boy Scouts), also known as the Bangtan Boys, is a South Korean boy band that formed in 2010 and debuted in 2013 under Big Hit Entertainment. The septet—consisting of members Jin, Suga, J-Hope, RM, Jimin, V, and Jungkook—co-writes and co-produces much of their own material. Originally a hip hop group, their musical style has evolved to incorporate a wide range of genres; their lyrics often discuss mental health, the troubles of school-age youth and coming of age, loss, the journey towards self-love, and individualism. Their work also frequently references literature, philosophy and psychological concepts, and includes an alternate universe storyline.

After launching in 2013 with their single album 2 Cool 4 Skool, BTS released their first Korean-language studio album, Dark & Wild, and Japanese-language studio album, Wake Up, in 2014. The group's second Korean studio album, Wings (2016), was their first to sell one million copies in South Korea. By 2017, BTS crossed into the global music market, leading the Korean wave into the United States and breaking sales records. They became the first Korean ensemble to receive a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for their single "Mic Drop", as well as the first act from South Korea to top the Billboard 200 with their studio album Love Yourself: Tear (2018). BTS became one of the few groups since the Beatles (1966–68) to chart four US number-one albums in less than two years, and Love Yourself: Answer (2018) was the first Korean album certified Platinum by the RIAA. In 2020, BTS became the first all-South Korean act to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Billboard Global 200 with their Grammy-nominated single "Dynamite". Their follow-up songs "Savage Love", "Life Goes On", "Butter", and "Permission to Dance" made them the quickest act to earn four US number-one singles since Justin Timberlake in 2006.

As of 2022, according to the Circle Chart, BTS is the best-selling artist in South Korean history, having sold in excess of 30 million albums. Their studio album Map of the Soul: 7 (2020) is the best-selling album of all time in South Korea. They are the first non-English-speaking and Asian act to sell out concerts at Wembley Stadium and the Rose Bowl (Love Yourself World Tour in 2019), and were named the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry's (IFPI) Global Recording Artist of the Year in 2020 and 2021. The group's accolades include multiple American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, Golden Disc Awards, and nominations for five Grammy Awards. Outside of music, they have addressed three sessions of the United Nations General Assembly and partnered with UNICEF in 2017 to establish the Love Myself anti-violence campaign. Featured on Time's international cover as "Next Generation Leaders" and dubbed the "Princes of Pop", BTS has also appeared on Time's lists of the 25 most influential people on the internet (2017–2019) and the 100 most influential people in the world (2019), and in 2018 became the youngest recipients of the Order of Cultural Merit from the President of South Korea for their contributions in spreading Korean culture and language. Beginning on December 13 2022, the group will start their scheduled separation in order to complete their mandatory military service, with a reunion planned for 2025.
History BTS was formed in 2010, after Big Hit Entertainment CEO Bang Si-hyuk wanted to form a hip hop group around RM (Kim Nam-joon), an underground rapper who was well known on the music scene in Seoul. BTS was originally supposed to be a hip hop group, but, seeing falling album sales, he changed his plans, thinking a different path would be more marketable. 

Mainstream breakthrough and commercial success
BTS experimented with other styles of music besides hip hop in The Most Beautiful Moment in Life, Part 1, released in 2015.[
Military service and scheduled separation
In spite of the announcement of the October 2022 benefit concert, Hybe Corporation's stock prices continued a sharp decline to below its original IPO amid continuing market speculation about the implications of the upcoming mandatory military enlistment of the band's members and its potential breakup.
Musical style
Since their inception, BTS have emphasized hip hop as their musical base, largely due to the influence of RM and Suga's background as underground rappers BTS experimented with R&B, rock and jazz hip hop on Dark & Wild in 2014;[294][295] EDM in their The Most Beautiful Moment in Life album series;[50] moombahton and neo soul on Wings and You Never Walk Alone ;[296][67] future bass, Latin pop in their Love Yourself album series;[82] Korean rap, electro disco, slow-dance ballads,[297] emo rap, Afro pop,[298] funk, trap, pop rock, and hip pop in their Map of the Soul album series;[299] and disco pop in their single "Dynamite"

Lyrical themes
Since their formation, BTS have believed that telling their own stories is the best way for the younger generation to relate to their music.
JIMIN Born Oct. 13, 1995, Jimin is one of BTS’ younger members, but one of their most formidable dancers. With a background in contemporary dance and a charming smile, Jimin is one of BTS’ vocalists.
Modern Dance King

Jimin studied contemporary dance in school and was the top of his class. His training shows through his moves on stage, especially during the choreography for his Wings solo track “Lie,” which he co-wrote. Jimin took things to another level with his expressive delivery of the song’s dramatic choreography, telling a message as much with his body as his vocals. 



